[Music]
the family well we're going to react to a
video that turbo plan just uploaded I don't
know why not
javi ley the rules of the spaces and
twitter save the spaces for 30 days
even if the owners delete them in case they need to
check if the rules
of twitter are violated
fantastic toxic can you tell me how the hell it's
done because that's the safe level it should
be portable and safe from the strains of them they
close so they can do it
suspend the account to the chick I
mean I don't know what consequences they can have
listen to me a year later I
don't understand why a year later he had
money now uploaded a video of the stick
the truth about my debate with dallas a
year later
dallas five years ago hello before
starting the video I would like to
explain why I do it so if you
are a follower of jordi white you can
create yourself to see what I have to say and
if you agree do not comment on the
comments in advance that this is not
a destructive criticism I am going to make it
as respectful as possible this video
is not to screw anyone or
harass you so that you  let it be noted
what kind of criticism this is
Dallas meeting today in repulsion
in Asia delegation to reach under a
little more
now
and from here read thank you very much
point number one
and no no no I am not being manipulated that you know that
I to Dallas in the device well of
course in support of the comments that
and vice in fact I was the one who
made the list of things that he did and vice
that were more than what Dallas put
okay and vice went too far with
Dallas
but I do not consider him to be a harasser
who should lose his job I do not know what he
considered that he has to apologize
okay that the candy makers but now this
video
is not point number one this video of the
rivers not for five years we are already
talking about this video from 2017 well if it
could be not
this video from 2017 five years ago if it
could be us yes no yes it could
be but it is not the same as you
making a criticism of someone who has not
done anything to you
and I do not want to be disrespectful
constructive that 2015
seems like a
man in the house  this is when I was already
with my air but it looks super old
for having been only five years it's
but well
little one I came to youtube more or less
around 2015 and I wish this date
would be older this video would be
older but well no matter the
case even if it was from yesterday the video is not the
same if he is responding to a
video to a person who is laughing
that your channel has died and that you are going to
share a cell he knows who is the
normal one that you respond to him repulsive
repulsive what you are saying that guy
right now these same samples of
ridiculous envious and pathetic 2 the
argumentative level of this valley makes it
sad that he is the father this one has been doing for a long time
this is a thing of the horned one above all
are the comments are garbage of
tweets from Italians the stalker is
followed by 1.3 million people
now I think they follow him 9
of 2015 the 2000 the video to see it
have you confirmed May 2015
well finally stopped 7 7 7 years ago
of the video is that is what we talked about there
sometimes they click that they are
too old I thought if they
clicked on me in 2015 if it exists my
goodness my goodness
comparing it to today my goodness the
comparison how would it be
but the same
Dallas happens with Ibagué
if we make a peso and we put the things
that he has said and you go from Dallas and the
things that he has said all the devices
I see that they are there and I think that
two have passed, I mean the things that he has
said and vice jokes about that you are
sad about pedophiles
that I do not share what Dallas tells him about
that if pig that fat jokes I do not
share it I do not think he should and if he wants to
win much less in that way he is not going to
win him and if he wants to convince people
that he was going to be harassed in that way you are
not going to convince him okay but I do
not share it but the things that I
said to him are not nonsense in family
that are from a long time ago and that he
has not done again of course
also that if I were Dallas I would not have
used that tone
but it
is not the same as criticizing
someone
who is not  mentioned never
I would not have the same tone or mine or
the same way of referring to Johann
Planas as to the plans that he
calls the most abuser the most desires diseases
and so on than to
criticize a Willys of you
understand me
wow right the angle plan ass
envious stalker of six years in
which he criticizes Jordi White a great video
that I in fact have always been a big fan
of Jordi Wild and when I saw this video
more than six years ago no matter how much of a fan
Jordi While was I liked it and said what a
criticism we can't yet see Dallas what
despite being critical he has
respect and makes criticisms from a
more respectful objective point of view and above
all without so much accumulated hate on the other hand you
see the drastically changed
videos that he makes today above all it's
scary not to see the comparison and you see it
day by day you don't realize but if you
see a video from more than 6 years ago you are
even scared of the change that
Dallas has made and obviously not for the worse
because it is true it is quite noticeable
that many of his criticisms now
are made  based on a
personal anger that he has towards that person and
not on logical and coherent arguments not
like garavani well his
old criticisms which is that it must be said he
has videos that are very good but this is what
happened or rather what was the
turning point that made it much better for me
2019 2020
suddenly things went wrong and we'll
go from having a person who
made good videos and who would be a
good kid a kid because he was
happy happy to the person that he is
today who seems to simply have
hatred within the club
I ask you a question chat or a
question and of course not
justifying the slips that
dallas may have had in recent months
okay
what do you think has happened since
this video
is there something in between between this video
and now the present
something happened after
the trial
if it were only one
something happened after this
happened everyone no no I don't justify it alicia no I don't
justify it
but something happened after this it
's that he's saying don't look at it here he was
a happy kid I don't know what
although I think a few things happened
I don't think  that a few things happened
I'm not saying that the same thing as the same thing doesn't
matter
that the same thing doesn't matter what
happened happy
happy to the person that he is
today who seems to simply have
hate inside and that all he wants is to
literally load or rather
destroy other youtubers even if it means
using the cheapest manipulation
because if you tell me what he does is a
criticism based on
weighty arguments that you tell me okay then
what this kid says is right no matter how
much I like him or dislike him or that I
find his voice very irritating or I mean
that's the same but the
time has come when the criticism javi don't you think
that whatever has happened don't you think that he has lost
everything he achieved he has
lost a large part of everything everything everything everything
obviously there are not many people who
follow who have
not lost to lose everything to
lose everything would be to lose
everything it would be for people to
think again that he is an abuser
a pedophile and things like that and that he
continued to be the punching bag to
lose everything no people have not
lost everything people are now
telling him he's gone crazy do
you understand me he hasn't lost everything
losing everything would mean people will think
the accusations that there was a
dark shadow behind him now people don't
think that people are now
upset with the attitude he's
having do
you understand me
losing everything no
but it's tarnishing his image it's a
little yes he's
not doing things in the way that
best benefits him yes
but losing everything not for losing everything
not losing everything would mean that people
are
from dallas to other youtubers they have
become pure manipulation and at
first it wasn't so clear but
these last few days when the
blond thing happened this clip in which he said that he
wanted blond
seems like [ __ ] to me it's what
turbo pueblos is saying it's not funny
as you can see the little research he
provides in his videos pata tico at the
time in fact nothing is being given his opinion at the
moment me ave hasn't said anything he will hit
wind in today that now blond is an
abuser of women it's that the
blond thief the blond said live that he would
hit wind and that he would be the only
person with whom  I would accept a
fight and started making jokes about
how he would hit her if jokes about how to
hit a girl who is 20 60
Iniesta tells me a truth wants to hit
me it's
simply not true I have
entertained a woman
who can't do anything that everyone already
knows that the clip is manipulated and
that Dallas showed a manipulated clip and
despite that Dallas hasn't
regretted it but continues saying that
Rubios said that when I saw this my
balls fell to the ground or rather I
mean I stopped swallowing it heavy ball
of [ __ ] he said what about Wind and as is there is
nothing edited
it's that he had a headlong rush man
and there is no god here since there is none here
this is not a byte
because a byte is the doggy thing the
doggy thing okay or deposits a byte has understood it I
was not following the anime because the
anime came from a week before in
which William to a rat to Gref I don't know what it's
worth
and fell in the bay because he doesn't know the
context of the fight and he also ran
to take what the tweet is  he had something take
it from the title tomorrow
okay take what the tweet said what the title is
nonsense I mean simply because you think he
retweeted something and I answered it as a joke take it as
true too but oh
well come on it comes to you slowly one day you know
but I don't hate this
hey what do you think is wrong because
dallas might find the
joke tremendously unfortunate the joke
because he considers that rubios and windi
bring us to the point of relationships that it
could be a joke
well
but don't say that the click didn't travel in the one who
said that the joke was told to him by xavi
the joke like that but the thing about him being
joking about hitting him no
[ __ ]
the joke no the joke like that but let's joke
about hitting him like like hitting him
no
or can I say that there is nothing edited
when everyone has already seen that the
click that showed his video was
manipulated and edited to make it seem like
rubios wanted to hit wind and in
reality what he was doing with his arms
was about him chocas and immediately
after he said that later indie was a joke
and that he wanted to hit xq I know it is
another youtuber you play I think I've never
seen I think in real life but
servant being short will be very agile okay
short people are usually much more
agile than tall people but I
literally get like this
and wind says he wants to hit me for
next year I prepare myself I
prepare it would be the only fight that I
would accept they stood out voluntarily with no
one unless it was xq 6 and
training the two but no there is nothing
edited impressive despite the fact that
everyone knows that he did it as a joke
no and you're like well that I don't know what what a
bummer no that people are so so
dishonest and such liars and so
self-centered not enough to listen to be able to
handle it their way please it makes me lazy to have to
stop a video when there are
modelers for what they go in there is a guy and he
is enjoying the same [ __ ]
that disturbed planck to everyone
to manipulate in this way and then not
even admit his mistake and I have put the
title of this video because I wanted to
talk about the subject of my debate with dallas
that many of you will surely
continue to tell me even where it is  the
debate with dallas for the debate with
dallas I already did it almost a year ago and
recently I saw a clip that had
been made on tick tock no and on youtube too because now on youtube now it's like tick tock that there are also short videos and recently a huge thing had been made this clip in front that is made but it's not on my account I [ __ ] on your [ __ ] mother
super epic entry of dallas and debate and
why don't you go to a debate with him who
said that I shouldn't go to a debate with him
come on trevelin we bring it believe me your [ __ ]
friend from school who has the one who
tells the truth the poor supported him
but everyone saw this and it's like
oh my god how epic all this is
but very few people have found out what
really happened in the debate I'm not
going to tell you the entry was epic it's me I
stepped aside
because I wanted to leave them both I
wanted to score a million I wanted to score
a the biggest it's
been a long time he wouldn't have straightened
now well I I think we also
have a click uploaded along with the
account of  super block text addition
but a little bit of history so you can
see what happened because it was
really unfortunate and I want to have the debate, I have
absolutely no fresh start, the debate, I
have absolutely no fresh start, the debate
but nothing,
greetings churra I arrived late how are you the
sal falsified himself after his banner friend or a
hug thank you very much for the super chat
a year later talk about the debate a little
weird
[ __ ] it's that right
now I'm not
old enough not the case a point years ago a
year ago I spend all day watching
content here I
no longer have a [ __ ] idea of ​​​​what they
discussed and how the debate went right now I
swear I know it has
almost a million views
on
youtube here on my channel it
also seemed out of place to me
that he tried to imply that the
blond said something stronger than what he
actually said, yes, I was disappointed on
his part I would like to know what he
was thinking when doing that not because I am
his follower to justify it in everything
face with blank eyes
we agree
really pathetic starting with that yes
very cool in the entrance but then
well that he said that Javi will stay
because it seems to be well that no  he dared
to stay with me alone well here's the one
who says they fixed the upv
dessert I do
n't know why Javi is here because he knows what's
going on of
course take it
for granted
first of all don't go please stay stay to
lick my
left ball please I do
n't know why
stay to lick my left ball he
tells me as if you were licking him I mean I think I think
that in fact
to be honest with the truth I think that
in fact nothing within the many
flowers to me
but I don't
think it was I don't have anything fresh the
debate I mean you guys in the chat
well here's the one who tells the truth
they fixed the upv
h I do
n't know why Javi is here because he's down
of course stay of course
first of all I want to point out one
thing
that seems very relevant to me and it is
throughout the beginning the first everything that
Javi has humiliated you that is very scary
sincerely but beyond that it
seems incredible to me that more tivo humiliating me he
is dedicated to this insulting him and more
techniques photo of something that
surprised me the number is triple the
subscribers that he did what the [ __ ] else will he
do perhaps I take you out in  face the
subscribers I have because with 40
times more subscribers than you that
makes him a better person a worse person to
someone in particular this one seems to be this one how
are you like the typical rat let's see they
have an incredible need for fame and
when they get that fame they try to humiliate
others with that same way that
you leave the writers that
javi totally does not matter because he
surpasses you millions of times as a person he
could have 0 you are the best
person than you a million times
how romantic okay let's
see what was the
numbers but I don't remember if I
haven't discussed it with him or how he came out or
how I came out I was saying that the
humble one that was scary I don't remember
really be I can't say I know he
insulted me in the debate I know he insulted me
then as a joke he apologized I know he insulted me
what I told him why do you have to
enjoy me yes I know that I enjoy myself
in the middle of the debate he got heated and
insulted me and he kind of
understands me that's why he didn't take that out in the
video if we are going to put it put it
we put everything no
of course what data
and for those of you who don't even have  idea to
put you a little bit in context what
happened the idea of ​​the debate with Dallas I
proposed it I said it in one of my
videos because Dallas said that I had
been one of those people who had been
slandering him for years
slander is how you can say what things
false accusations of his things that
many people and especially the
people who have followed me for years know
that it is completely false what is the
whole thing I made up it is like the first thing he
uses as a carte blanche to
try to discredit people
because Dallas started saying this to me
not because at the time I made a
criticism saying that he was not
right with a story of Greve with a
move of the and Airbus or something that I
begin to analyze it today
the debate was because no longer because of the
subject and because of the debate it was because Turbo
said that Turbo had slandered him
in the past that I was one of the people
who had joined the mob the
popular mob and Turbo should not have
slandered him as such he had not done he had
made a comment  unfortunate if I
remember correctly I think he had made a
joke no look look at the dance look at him
dancing at the door of the courts the
cyberbullying dance
those kinds of jokes no that kind of
jokes no slander slander no
unfortunate jokes no and then when
Dallas gave an appointment to sixth grade the
turbo plan debate he went to me that was what
happened no
and it's stupid how pissed off that
course Dallas was no we have to start telling
these lies that I had
slandered him for years simply
because I had made a criticism in
which I didn't agree with him Dallas got
too heated about the
turbo video man I wouldn't have
taken it in I mean if it were like that there were
more things more things more things you want to
take it and tacataca you know but
for that turbo video neither like I'm
not going to take it in he's so
pissed off he knows like milk one thing about
serious he made a video to me I remember in the
thumbnail it said something like this
man with his gaze totally mistreats you
if it was that kind of joke if it
was that kind of jokes he would have  his mother
for money or something like that is pretty
crazy so of course when I saw that he
had told me that it's not that I didn't know whether to
laugh or cry I got kind of angry
inside saying how can
this guy be such a liar to pick and drop that thing
that I slandered him for years when it's a
complete lie all chosen and I
said well go here we're going to have a
debate and they showed it to me yes over there
where he slanders you let's do a live I don't
want you to please show me those
videos in which he slandered you I want you to
show me the truth and if you don't
agree to do the live then obviously
we'll know that you're lying this is it
turns out that I was well
debating with the biggest fan of Dallas not
the wise oliveira who well at the time
was a huge fan of Dallas now well now maybe he
throws a little [ __ ] at him
depending a little bit not on what suits him
well then he throws [ __ ] at him or
supports him so in that
this [ __ ] the turbo plan [ __ ]
to me he
seems very stupid turbo plan seems to me
the person with the only very low  He has
proven it here the times he has uploaded and
he will continue to prove it his whole [ __ ] life, his
intelligence level is like a
laser, they read or something like that,
the biggest fan of Dallas
why
and now I throw [ __ ] at him and I throw
[ __ ] at him as it suits me, the one
who throws [ __ ] at people as it
suits you or second visit is your
turbo plan that you ate
gref's egg then you are gref's biggest fan
because gretel put a comment
applauding him that you defended him from those
there are for you
defended be serious from the airport
and they throw [ __ ] at Dallas because it
interests you and also many times
manipulating we have seen it in a lot
of places okay well I'm not going to I'm going to
put a video a video of futuro
plan recently so you can see the
manipulation okay I haven't focused
much on integrity much importance
turbo plan because surely they are not to
blame for the nonsense he says in
the videos because I suppose it will not be
from Asturias it will be no idea of ​​the person from whom you
have copied the video that I have
caught on several occasions with the
reflection in the glasses of the videos that you
copy  but fix it fix it
the
[Music]
the way to manipulate is look I
don't usually watch turbo plan videos
because I let it be like seeing a bad guy, a rich
critic or something like that but that has been
successful it's worth taking a look at the level
of this look
how are you guys girls welcome to a
new video for the channel surely
many of you will remember this
video that was uploaded a couple of weeks ago
in which Dallas completely ended
his career basically what happened
is that Dallas completely lost his mind he
made a video insulting people in a thousand
different ways he said he wanted to slit
necks anyway a thousand very strong things I'm
going to leave you in the south hand so I can
tell you better I'm going to quote this one quds
goes crazy and he dedicated a video to them
threatening to kill them with sending
hitmen even and telling them those
atrocities it's evident that
after everything that has happened with
chocas this week that the case is
quite similar no the two you could
say that they have a problem and that they can't
stand that no that
the Chosas issue is quite
similar to that of Dallas that they both have
a problem that the case is quite
similar not both you could say that
they have a problem and that they can't stand that there are
people or that they have random haters from
twitter that tell them things that they can't
stand that there are haters that tell them
things
because it's the same as them calling you an
abuser and a pedophile to telling you
that you are bad at playing tortilla on the other hand I do
n't remember what the [ __ ] was that
choca was playing
and it's the same as you I answered him in a
better or worse way because I'm not going to
justify the way he had it is to
do it in his video okay do it
from your account with your
original face to him making 800 multi accounts
that you make 800 multi accounts that he is
not only answering the
people who are telling you that they play
the video badly egg we start badly
when turbo plante tries to make up the
debate with a nervous dallas when the
images speak for themselves
people are not naive
don't cut me off right now please they
have heated me up he
is comparing a person who takes which
is the same as dallas exploding
from  his [ __ ] account with his [ __ ] face
that another guy who, like they're telling him he
plays a video game badly, would alternate
what are they saying that they play
video games, he thinks he has eight hundred multi
accounts not only to answer
those people but to insult his
friends, well friends, not those who
suck his dick so he invites them to
the series
and sucks his
dick also that there was twist, even those who said that his dick is very big, they say that the chocolate is very big you're comparing one with the other okay here we see the level and they can't control themselves and they have to respond to them and even well, look at
the things they say to them the barbarities of
course I've always said this in my
videos it's not the same as
a random person from Twitter saying these things, who
are normally people who put
their names to anonymous people who
make their own accounts to insult people,
that's all it's the order of the day and it
's not the same as an
influential person, a youtuber who has to set
an example to follow, I think that's
the difference that everyone should
understand and if you are an influencer,
whether you are Dallas, Chokes  ibai the blonde if you
are not able to control that anger and you
give it so much importance that it doesn't let you
live because basically that's what
happens to chocas and what happens to dallas it
's exactly the same it's exactly the
same it's exactly the same people on the
internet behave exactly the same
with dallas as they do with chocas
exactly the same problem it's true
family it
's exactly the same hate one
receives than the other I would
still like someone to
explain to me what the [ __ ] what the [ __ ] they
did to choca to make choca
explode if the only thing
people on the internet have done in the [ __ ] year and a
half that he's been making himself known is
suck his balls and applaud all
the stupid things he does I would
still like them to explain to me the [ __ ]
who start saying that choca
exploded because he couldn't take it anymore I would still
like them to explain to me what the
[ __ ] he did what the [ __ ] they
did to him they do
n't live thinking about what
other people are saying about them random
it's from twitter for social networks you have to
realize that this is a
problem the only difference is that  in
the case of chocas he has recognized it there have
been no people who have said that they have
a problem and in the case of dallas he is not
capable of recognizing that the only
difference
establishing criticism is objectivity the
only difference
the only difference the only difference the
only difference and
precisely it is an eminence that
benefits chocas okay the only
difference between the two cases
is that chocas at least recognizes it and goes straight to the
point what a great turbo plan what a
point shitty hater that you are yes you
throw [ __ ] for free and you are a fan of
the youtubers that you have to
eat support from and you do go to the interest
what the [ __ ] are you telling me
about funny fan with no more objective and
fairer than me there is none
what the [ __ ] are you talking about here you are
listening to yourself the only difference
the only difference no and on top of that he gives him
a medal let's applaud him when
chocas let's produce the choca that he
has recognized his error is that he has
recognized his error that by the way
tonight we are going to see him that he is
trending when chocas tonight again
because it turns out that he is saying in
his live today that he has already spoken on the
phone with the psychologist that he has not
gone yet but that he talks  He talks
to her on the phone and says he's already changed, that the
psychologist on the phone has made him reconsider a little bit, I mean, look,
we're three
weeks away from the crash,
still a psychologist because he
doesn't think he made a mistake,
the only thing he regrets is that they
caught him because of the [ __ ]
multi-account opened on live
but they crash, he doesn't regret anything
and he's here with all his balls,
kit is here with all his balls or turbo
saying that the only difference
between the crash and how it was, da is a
trio, that the other at least recognizes his
mistake and that dallas doesn't recognize its
mistakes, that's the only difference, right,
what the hell, trio, what the hell, he
really has a problem and that he gives
too much importance to the haters and that
this doesn't allow him to be happy in his life
or live in peace and I know this
firsthand because I've seen what
dallas is like up close, I don't want to put
[ __ ] on him or gather controversies from the past
right now,
deplorable clown face, he doesn't want to scare him, he doesn't want to anymore, he doesn't want to
no  wants to put [ __ ] on him
god the one who isn't scary is me if I
have to go against Dallas in something I
see here skater something that I don't
agree with I say it okay but neither funk
nor funk and his [ __ ] mother
I try to be as fair as possible without
throwing gratuitous [ __ ] nor yes nor
let myself be swayed in the end I am a
person and in the end I will always
lean more towards someone than the other
because you like them better because you have more
relationship or whatever in the end it
always affects always but I try
within my possibility goyo three
months at the psychologist I would change
rocks for one day that I have spoken and on
top of that on TV but it doesn't matter you and I
have people like that because he hangs up on you there
will be people like this who
join the pretty ones join what
suits them and what interests them to
position themselves period they
join what interests them and I apologize because
I got angry and called him an
[ __ ] and thales should not have lowered me
but it pisses me off dude I
mean because I don't mess with him and I don't
comment on his videos of [ __ ] [ __ ] I know  I
really say it like this, [ __ ] [ __ ], that
many times the best here while
you watching the extracts and there are too many
thumbnails
if a video of him or whoever pops up I watch
them and many times I say and I don't
comment on his videos so as not to throw
[ __ ] at him because
things like this are embarrassing and the guy attacks me to my
[ __ ] face when I don't mess with him
because he tried to avoid the
salsa people, one and the other and the other
tried to avoid him because in the end they are
colleagues who do the same as me and I
pass because it's like discrediting another, you
know, it's like, well, I pass,
not what famous youtubers comment on
and well, with respect and I'm going to try not to
get into any, you know,
but what are you coming for? I
come here to throw my gaze at me
and on top of that to throw [ __ ] at me, not with a
shitty theory committed because if I
had committed a [ __ ] for anyone they
can criticize me of course
okay
touching my credibility and my way of
working and my objectivity
and how do you want me to come back
Villar pointed out in a [ __ ] debate
for any of that
but he is a person who is aware
24/7 of what I did  in
his people but there was still
improving behind this subject of the types of
serious that not even the attack on him with
anything out of this world I simply made a
criticism that I did not agree with him
on a couple of things that were not that they
were a couple of
irrelevant [ __ ] about credit I remember
that it didn't take him even an hour to dedicate a
video to me or even publish WhatsApp if
private conversations but I was
freaked out that it didn't take him even an hour to
upload the video responding to me I said this
person is completely obsessed and
mind you I'm not saying this to
really put [ __ ] because there will be a lot of
people who say it's not that now you want to
put [ __ ] on Dallas again and you want it's
not that it is noticeable that they have an
obsession with responding to the haters and
that the slightest thing that someone is there they are already
there in front of the computer and they
are already making a video, I mean they are nothing
less than it is noticeable that your life revolves
around that and that you are not right in the
head and not in a bad way because it is that
[ __ ] if we are out of our minds then we
ask for help and that's it seeing that the
first step is recognizing it the worst thing is that
no  you recognize it I think that is the
worst and well and because I am saying all
this because what happened is that
Dallas attacked Juanes and Guarnizo in
his video taking advantage of all this
Chocas controversy, well to put a little
[ __ ] on it you know that Dallas and Juanes
and Guarnizo were like me well they did a
couple of collaborations together I will tell you
a little bit of the story so that you
put it in context what happened is that a
while ago he would employ himself and Juanes and
Guarnizo threw [ __ ] at Dallas
not because it was fashionable but then
when the subject of the trial came up and he was found
innocent and all this, several
youtubers asked him for forgiveness and Dallas
even took advantage of this situation to
clean up his image publicly by uploading
videos like these youtubers
ask me for forgiveness for everything they said to me
and mind you I don't even see this as bad there will be
people who wanted to screw how annoying he is is
n't he always trying to clean up
his image but of course at that moment for which
some big youtubers will
stop supporting him  support him and ask for
forgiveness because it was very important for him that
this be seen publicly to
gain people's support so far
so good but suddenly of course
things started to go wrong and
when Dallas pulled the project
from this Dallas YouTube page to be
Osh it turns out he asked for
help from several YouTubers
including Juanes and Guarnizo and Juans and
Guarnizo so the project was born
Guarnizo and Ary gameplays and the
Dallas video was a bit like the betrayal that
broke this I don't know what in fact I hope it
prevents
another person from carrying it out there was more
things in the video but then we're
going to watch this video for
everyone the video starts saying like
Dallas was trying to get one
Guarnizo to mouth something like that was what caught my
attention in the proposed video look it up
if you want but that guy really pisses me off
and I take back the insult really
or rather I've gotten really heated I'm in
a moment I've gotten heated it's going to be time to
support but but whatever it is he
comes
that moment is coming well it seems that it was his turn to
support Dallas and I was debating
with him that if Dallas I don't know what if Dallas I do
n't know which one and he said to me and why not
many will hate you but more will love you you
are transparency pure joy
spontaneity and Andalusian pride thank you very much
Lorena a huge kiss in
debates with Dallas and I told him come on
bring me parrots and let them bring them and in the end
Dallas came up no and this happened my
point is very simple Jesus
you told me or you didn't tell me that I am a
psychopath more than a psycho pattern 3 mm there is
such a psychopath and that with just
the look of abuse you have that we
will see they answer him did you say it or you didn't
say it is the video that is from memes
of the jara since I
am calling you a psychopath you well you
said it a no okay then hard plan
you are a pp that erika sapo you are no longer do you
find the head very funny
the video you are talking about play it
see if you  I call
watch the video this month it
seems like a meme to me to call someone a
psychopath
after a video talking about those months
if one of the most important points
for what I wanted to do the debate
was precisely for Dallas to
show me the moments in which I
had slandered him I had not said anything to him
in the past but this in the debate well
at no time happened more than anything
because
the only thing I did was make a
meme video that in fact is still uploaded
on my channel called Dallas Calvo
where you can see perfectly, I mean it is
perfectly seen that it is a video where I
talk about memes I told you to spend a month of
dollars to Bielsa death please people I
need them for a class 5 project
I make these faces of Dallas Calvo
Dallas sad
has so much free time and is so
sick to do this I I I am
scared seeing this where you say
that Thursdays
these are the ones that I like because it is
like the evolution of the psychopath not
today we have here like this co-patron three thousand
kids of this man three accounts on
the street and only with the  look already
mistreats you i didn't say that dallas was a
psychopath throne three thousand no no no no i
said that this face is from the circus patron
three thousand and it's that come on it's not that
I say it, it's that objectively it is seen that
the face is from psycho patron 3000 but it is
obviously understood because add me what
happens is that of course in the video that
dallas made no where he cut the
exact fragment no and he said west the
person has told me everything in the past well it
is obviously manipulated it is a
clear manipulation let's keep listening
because there is more that the guy doesn't
realize that he hasn't deleted it's like
the evolution of the psychopath where now
here like this co-patron three thousand kids what
man three accounts for the street placed
the look no way what nice jokes
right he already gave me to his followers
defending him just the look of
mistreats
a psychopath throne 3000 and just with the
look he already mistreats you I don't say boss they
like them because it's like the evolution
of the psychopath we don't have here like
boss three thousand kids of this man
three accounts on the street and only in the
evolution of the psychopath
yes it is true that it is a meme video
and you could be referring to the meme of
bald dallas and calling the meme a
psychopath okay but it is the evolution of the
psychopath
in the evolution of the psychopath and this
man just with his look he mistreats you
how do you see it
how do you see it in the context of
dallas clark accused of
pedophile abuse of those things
50 percent a [ __ ]
bad it
is a meme without further
ado make the curl it refers to the meme
yes comparable we have here like this
co-patron 3000 kids this man
three sources on the street and just with his
look he mistreats you I did not say that
dallas was a psychopath throne 3000 no no no
no I said that this face is from
psycho boss 3000 and it is that let's go it is not
that I say it it is that objectively it is
seen that the face is from psycho boss 3000
but it is understood obviously because it
adds  what happens to me is that of course in the
video that Dallas made, where he didn't cut
the exact fragment, no, and he said or this
person has told me everything in the past,
well it's obviously manipulated, it's a
clear manipulation, the video is selling it
as if it were as if he were
saying it to him directly, no, and more than
that, the guy doesn't realize that he hasn't
deleted it's like the evolution of the
psychopath where around here like this co-patron
three thousand endorsements what man do you count on
the street, crazy, looking back, wow, what
nice jokes, right, his followers already gave me
defending him
[Music]
not to me, Maria Grazia, I
don't know what to tell you, it's that he says no, it's that
Dallas also has a meme video, we've
all seen it at some point, the
Belgian saved it, where did this come from, like
a store, I already know the
meaning of Ghana, go ahead,
let me bathe with you
[Laughter]
if you haven't done
exactly that, all of you who watch
What the Game videos, that country, you are
traitors to peace,
cannabis files, and it's called a psychopath or the
man of style, the meme in this
video  judas bald melo i didn't do my homework
because this is burying me it
came to me in 2014
god very is was divided and something the
mirror effect and without the bald guy is worth it because
cast bald green short for
making me focus basic project is to
return to the haters thinking they had
discovered gunpowder because they were
seeing a meme of mine when I was dressed
weird as if some like sidor in
itself to which to understand what
direct relationship with the image there are some that
are very curious and then others come and they have
also put on a lot and it is one with
the image saying tell me the definition
boy to pay tribute to them it was very serious
because they put it as if it were some
kind of insult towards me as if they
were living and loving me psychopath
when certain that the world comes out by the
way exclusively the hater not to
insult me ​​call me if I commented melo
christ and jesus knows if I want it means
psychopath of the hater not to insult
the image saying tell me the definition
psychopath
because they put it as if it were some
kind of insult towards me as if they
were living and loving mexico
until when  certain who comes out in a
bat against a general which was
extremely
humiliating without filters by the way and
exclusively the hater not to turn out to
call me my psychiatrist because you can
hear the site the [ __ ] video
well it is a debate in which the hater kept
calling him a psychopath
and I told him you know if I want to mean
psychopath ingeteam the definition of
psycho and basically / like him and all the
scum who called me that way
had no [ __ ] idea of ​​the definition of
what I was trying to say but they
simply said it like well because it
sounds like that it must touch the speed
is normal
the video says anyone greensur as if to
say to car you know they are a psychopath it
is something much more beyond then it is a
disgrace twice over first
because they think they have discovered
something incredible they have discovered
gunpowder by radio so strange when the
English of a video and then because they
think it is funny to call me a
psychopath when this one is not the French
and in reality if I myself to laugh in
the face of all the studies make me
psychopaths I applaud him but only one and it is
real history of the bald  new with
the video because there are many ways, I mean, having been
understood well with the [ __ ]
sound, I mean, dallas is here saying
that the bald dallas meme is a meme
that they made to laugh at the people who
called him a psychopath, he didn't
misunderstand it
until he laughs at it Xavi my
god exactly no
exactly no I mean
the context well the
real context is that this meme is to laugh at
the people who called him the psychopath no
therefore as
turbo plan was using it it's not bad he's not
messing with him no really no of course
if you don't know it and know what
the meme means and where it comes from as
much as it is bald dallas and such, it
may seem unfortunate to you because
within the context that she has been accused
of abuse of the accused of pedophilia, that
false
existence only with the look of
abuse it may seem unfortunate to you
but in reality it is not what do you
know what it
's very funny to call you a psychopath cali
abuser it's so funny dallas and it
makes me laugh as I was saying in the debate  would you
like me to call you pe and
call you such and such well obviously not but the thing is that I
'm not calling you it's that it's
clear and it seemed here like you're playing
dumb and you don't really understand what a
baby is no reason why of course so that your
audience doesn't understand the context of my
video which is a meme video and that's why
at no point in the debate was he interested in
showing it not showing the part where I
called him that no in fact when I
tell him well he instantly changed the subject
the video you're
talking about let's see if I call you
watch the video it's about memes from the ship
you know how many
and the thing is that to this day I see it man and it makes
me angry man it makes me angry because I
clearly see the cheap victimhood not
that he was using and the manipulation not
like saying would you like me to
tell you this this and this
sorry but the thing is that at no point
has he told you that it's not that what a thing that is it
wasn't only for that reason the debate there
were no other things there were no
other things that were not slander
like Dallas said nor was it harassment nor did he
have plans in fact I think turbo plan
was even  fan of dallas in fact I
think the turbo plan
supported dallas when I was messing with
dallas
exaggeration and what a manipulation as
if he didn't understand what it meant to talk
about a meme and whatever it meant to talk about
reality when the meet something about something was
true as he has made videos of the
same damn memes and he himself laughs
in the neighbor ha ha my internet went out let me
bathe with you
here he is saying about the meme let me
bathe with you I mean it's something shady it's
not like this bald man
looks shady
the neighbor went out my internet let me
bathe with night it's something shady today
words in turbo he talks about the meme but you can
also see that he throws [ __ ] at him
secretly no he doesn't hate him he
has a thing about him that's clear
[Laughs]
if you haven't done that you haven't had a
childhood, well you
come here you understand that he's a
baby no here you can see that you laugh a lot
and it's very funny because you
understand it perfectly well well but of
course here well you can see that dallas
understands it perfectly and laughs  a lot
but in the debate wow my goodness or how it
hurts me what a victim how horrible my
tattoo there how you can see what's happening to
Dallas lately beautiful old these
old
this was in 2003 it was last year
horrible to look at it how it has changed
the girls that the command has done it
again that I don't know how the hell he was able to
fix
it pastorita you kids and us there and don't make mistakes like I have done to myself that I am you wouldn't like it if they told you that and dare the meme was invented by Dallas fans but haters like Turbo Plant used it to call Dallas a psychopath and Dallas in his video makes
fun of them
no no no no no
Turbo Plan didn't use it to call them
psychopaths he should embrace it and on top of that it's
also in the Turbo Plan era he has
become a hater of Dallas and but since the
time of the pique papá to here or because
it was agreed for whatever reason you know but
in the time that he made that video of the
Turbo Plan memes he supported Dallas and that
is many  thanks it
wasn't exactly oil from that time let's
see how things are to tell me
that I am a pe and I don't know what I don't know which one, I mean you didn't
say it's not worth it then the
future plan you are a fish that erika sapo you
are no longer do you find it very funny it's a
joke
how can he have the nerve to tell me
this I mean it's impressive the
cheap manipulation that this guy uses
to play the victim and at no
time show my video not so that
the clip can be seen taken out of context and as it
really is and that I'm not making fun
of him at any time if you yourself
are laughing because I mean it's
really how can it be so false I mean
how can it be having here you
perfectly understand that it's a meme and you yourself
laugh but when other people
laugh at the meme then you get upset it's that I
really don't understand it well let's
see that I do understand no that he is not
capable of accepting a mistake and he is capable of
manipulating anything just to
stay on top and be right and it makes
me really angry man because I see it
even today  In that debate I
remember that I even apologized to him at
that moment, not for everything that they
were telling me, also because it was
two against one because Javi Oliveira
didn't want to leave, I mean, the bastard had to
get in there no matter what, so that
led to a two
against one because Javi Olivero had to
lick Dallas's balls right now.
I get involved in the debate
a million times, totally idea, Box 7,
occasional press, Javi, you ask the same place, for
a moment, until you
accuse me of having slandered you,
yes, I had some kind of anger towards you for
something, he asked, it's serious, because of the seriousness, it
's true, and I get involved, he doesn't ask,
Javi, made videos, even supporting you in
the past,
supporting me, inducing him to leave, the
cera, coz, and Javi, I know that yes, he's
coming to release a new plan again,
really,
again he's a liar
from your point of view, he
made a video supporting him, I don't deny it, okay, he
already made a video when another one, we
criticized him in 2018 and you criticizing
us for throwing him  [ __ ] is I'm
going to look for the next time I
talk again I'm
here talking I
call you to bathe on Thursdays videos
that would bother you if you already recognized
that of course it would bother me
half a year ago I didn't remember having
played those jokes in bad taste I'm
very sorry man at the time I didn't
realize and now I'm sorry but it's that you
instead of that what you have done has been I have
not done anything wrong you are a meme there is nothing
wrong with you are a meme and has made
a series of videos that I have been
reacting to some where you directly set
environments in the videos and manipulate things
and you make up things from the videos like
for example the video of calming her down and
now on top of that as I am reacting I
tell you that we have seen that
right here we just saw an example you are
lying and if it is short because you
are my friend because if another one arrived I would
put you worse and on top of that you have been offended if I
were to insult me ​​since this morning
and the thing is that
in what I have said in
truth he has lied it is the device they have
lied directly in the content of the
video of the camera has compared a
libel trial between youtube  with a
juvenile trial like this this was a video that
made this was a
regrettable video I open now I'm just coming back it
was last year but it was a video that
made regrettable
and what the topic was about was age about and
byron let's
see I just spoke three times the
time half of the debate and speak
here speak again let's go here
surely they came from your channel
but it's that I did not do it with bad
intentions or talking about you beloved the
people from my channel already knew beforehand
with that video that I was not
making fun of you and in fact many
surely came from your channel
in a channel are pure haters because I
go through the comment box your channel
and it has pure haters and you know it and you
feed it if I were a gentleman and a
mature person I would not put you with the
stupidity it's that I burned myself this could have
ended a year dude as simple
as oxidative man there yes let's see
being honest about me throwing myself at the
bald guy I did not know the context well and
the whole roll as now look at it okay
but but but for example the
cyberbullying dance what excuse do you give me
a two against one well he's asking me
had plans the opinion but well
come on okay if you want to see it as a two
against one
and look god forgive me for the
[ __ ] they admitted wanting that I had
done wrong man it wasn't just that it was something else it
was something else
the evolution of the psychopath where around
here like this co-patron three thousand kids that
men on the street but yes we have
defended him saying this type of things to
listen to is very but very cheap
apart from this that he's doing serious that is
called dropshipping it's something that
many but many people do and
this I have defended myself to Greg for the
and ping
put added a comment now turbo
plan thanks for defending me try
then turbo eats his egg added
and they defend him
that putting his own money for this
product
to have to put it in 1 play to
defend yourself that he needs to be able to
defend yourself literally just put aurum
plate
here are the old videos it's that I
gave me to refresh families that it's
not relevant that I make a video a
year after the debate
I think that I think what has happened
here I think is and I only think  I think what's
happening here is that Turbo Plan is
taking advantage of the fact that Dallas
[Music]
is now in a weak moment to
kick it instead of instead of having
done it
in 2020 when Dallas was strong
because another other reason to make a video
a year about a debate is being
answered a year in a debate another
reason no no no I don't contemplate it I know what
reason he has to have to answer
a debate a year I
also made a video talking about
dollars to Mills I got one for the
impressive comments I even had to
delete a video you had to delete
a video for talking about me I wonder
what he said I'm sure he was just saying
that he loves my videos right so
that people would get so many
comments that he had to delete a video he would
just say it at all right we will
never know what it is that you
guys say here has been deleting
videos and he has been evading he is one of
those who have the stone and then
hide their hand and then pretend that they have
done absolutely nothing that is why
now he is so sure of himself and what the
[ __ ] is in my joke the one who  it's
ringing
what the [ __ ] are you sending me but at your
moment it's
that I understand why gosh he was
talking to me the whole time
javi you seem sad today I don't value
anything I'm
always going to say the same thing every
day I'm sad every day okay
saying you're not going to have anything because there's
nothing of mine against you because he has
dedicated himself to deleting the videos yeah
apologize that what is it is the name of
an Asian dish because that word doesn't ring a bell to me
and don't you know the things that
the guy came to say because
some of these videos have been deleted but
others are still public and you
can see what he says this
common sense he is being a public figure
who knows a lot of people also being
a trial of such a serious issue I don't even know
how you can feel like recording for
real I do
n't know if it's me I sent you the info of the
countries by m of twitter okay funny
criticizing that I was recording my trial
to avoid the press manipulating I am
interviewed I don't know how you can feel like
recording what's going on this guy has always
been a big fan let's keep listening but that he
is innocent obviously he won't say that he is
guilty but even if he is
innocent if he is good no  it is
really known if he is innocent or not we will
know but it is not known if he is innocent
or not wait a moment wait a moment it is not turbo
plant one of those who is defending
added saying that it is presumption of
innocence he is innocent until
proven guilty even though
there are records of evidence and the serious block has
not admitted that he has committed those
things and auro play also confirms
that whole story wait it was not called turbo
plan by the way do you realize the level
of hypocrisy of respect we are not going to
do a fort dance half what it is
because this is the official dance of
cyberbullying about the official dance of
cyberbullying a little context okay for
whoever does not know in that trial they
were accusing me of precisely that what
nice jokes right let's
see it is a bit of a joke let's
see something else frequent on the street
go and it must only be we rule out the
bald baby then rule it out no longer I do
n't remember a little what they called me a
few years ago that group of people
called me in that way that they call
voldemort do you remember some of them no at
all this is a  slander is a
totally harmless joke listen so and
evolution of kresic 8 more serious than
this has given him for his ex-girlfriend and his
dog and here in this video this
is truly repulsive this guy is
dedicated to explicitly lying about
the judicial process that I had with my ex-
girlfriend to get my dog ​​back he lies
time after time he affirms it as is
but not only does he affirm it but he also
says that I exaggerate everything and listen to
the level of things that
this scoundrel dares to say listen but
this man has a
[ __ ] ability to make the super dramatic I
mean the title is super dramatic and
totally it is in the video it seems I don't know it
seems like it's the end of the world maybe he
's talking to you about how he
stole a bag of sunflower seeds but he
does it a lot very screwed up it's the worst thing in the
world guys I'm very sad I lost
the bags of sunflower seeds this all does it
with the video that I made about
my ex disappearing
sorry I'm listening because this the
I have offered a reward
because people in contrast
dramatized everything a lot the fact that my
ex stole my dog  and then my daughter
who has disappeared is that he
dramatized everything a lot that
the thing does not stop here listen because they
are really lying about a
judicial process that I already explained in its day so
first of all a joke I do not
see it you can get on it may feel bad
you can feel bad and such but
knowingly and a judicial process that
was already public at the time listen
because script before a dog that is
supposed to have been theirs
because it is still on youtube since when
we were together and he tells us the dog of
the two and the title of the video is that he has
adopted a greyhound where is it here we have adopted a greyhound he has adopted
a
greyhound he is even a lie he says he adopted
a greyhound you have of the 2 true let's
listen to why he says it is theirs let's
see what excuse he comes up with apparently
the dog well he was with the girl for eight months
not since they broke up and at
eight completely false and also this is
that it was public on top of that when he made
this ridiculous video my dog ​​was not
with her for eight months at all
always at the beginning you cannot
sit down because you are the protagonist but it
is not
just slander but he continued listening because
your right gets much worse  he's very smart
and knowing that the dog was
very smart and reported her
how smart the dalai you have to see how bad
tempered he was reporting her like that she
was a minor and couldn't
put her name on the papers and the whole
damn thing what a lot of lies together
this is a lie that has been denied
a million times because you're a minor it's not that you
can't put anything in your name it's
stupid I'm being a minor you can have
a bank account in your name even
if your parents who don't want it nobody
left this world things your father would
inherit it is yours and it would be in your name
anyway although in some cases the
dog cannot be named I
tried my dog ​​was going by
my daughter's name and they didn't let me
the dog cannot be put in the name of
an adult of a minor has to another
guardian handle it until you come of
age anyway it's still
yours besides if this were
true she would have adopted the dog
putting her mother's name yes not
mine and all this was already public at
that moment and you all already know the
story and this guy dares to lie
with the whole judicial process that  it was already
perfectly public but on top of that he
does the same old thing trying to always
project an aura of wickedness, he
's probably the bad guy listening to a lot of
people and filing a complaint eight months later he
wants to have the dog, well, those are the
complaints the next day or at most
two days a week ridiculous, I've already
explained it a million times, I'll
summarize it for you again, I spent months asking him to give me
my dog
directly through me or through third parties
and I think it was two or three months
when I finally got the
complaint that I definitely had to go
to legal because I couldn't keep
insisting, he read through my water
behind people and walking around
arguing among themselves about the eight
months, the invention if literally
a complaint for abuse comes to me
totally, he reported it for the dog, he doesn't cite it to me,
this [ __ ] if it's the same as if you walk
down the street and a round of applause right and
because he's a bit of an [ __ ], he's taking
you to court to take the dog away, he
was within his rights and he could do it
because the dog belonged to both of them this
[ __ ] if it's the same as if you go drinking on the
street and a poor person  He asks you for
money you can't get water here only by
train
[Laughs] it
's not slander of the rights of others with
a guy who was a rapper called
Porta the type of space in the high
goods fair impression
in fact
and
well maybe they'll also put you in
an eye have you seen with the mange with
which he says it with this little smile with
which he goes around saying all these kinds of
things you are hearing truth and I repeat
and I should review one or another thing from
last year and 2020 your balls are falling out
why
when I shouldn't have
apologized for that [ __ ] for a
joke that is obviously even a
blind spot I would see that it is a joke and
despite that not that I apologized
because it's like what he wants with
everyone what everyone apologizes
so that I am like at his feet despite
that the guy took it and told me with his two
balls that I was immature and
insensitive, I mean, he said that I lacked
a lot of sensitivity I swear it is telling me
that you are very immature and this  I say this without
trying to attack I'm telling you
objectively you are very very very bad this was
funny because five minutes after he
called me immature he started saying
like bad words so you would
demonetize me in the video on purpose
to try to, well I don't know what they
censored the video or who knows
hey 15 thousand people live it's not
bad the first live on youtube doesn't happen
childishly
I find it funny that you call me immature and
when you are in a
debate it
is also broadcast on
turbo plan's channel
but it is not uploaded on his channel
yes yes he does have my
video monetized but it is that one but you
are uploaded on his channel
but you do not have it uploaded to his channel you see keep going
if he has it his life but it has less
views because he does not have it posted and
why didn't he get another stratum
look I thought that he only had it
uploaded of
course that's why he has this here is
that I was seeing that in the corner and I
was going a little crazy well
come on to be so right turbo
plan
and how sure he is in himself it
cost him work of course the debate  that
was on my channel
director doesn't have that brand because I
stayed that it was on my channel because
the visits always come to mine but
but look at you it's so safe that it's
a year later damn well he showed his [ __ ]
life accepting debate saying words like
poop ass fart pee as if you were
a five year old and it's like you
're telling me or rather I sincerely
when he told me that I lacked
maturity it's that I really analyzed it later
and yes especially last time but
with Dallas uploading videos there
threatening to hire hitmen and with
slitting people's throats is that I
start to analyze I say to him but how could he
have the balls to tell me that to me it
's incredible it's that
anyone who sees it their [ __ ]
balls drop to the ground you say how can he
have them so square of Dallas it's that the
day that saves you and something
remotely similar happens to you that day is but there
are many months with you
calling you everything and let's see how it
feels to see how many times you go to
town when that happens I would like to see
what kind of person you were in  that
moment because if it had happened to you 11
percent from the start listening
is saying that it gives him l m it wouldn't
end [ __ ] regrettable I don't know
about you and it will seem normal to use
this argument of the word with s in a
debate when the only thing I've done has
been obviously comment on a meme I don't
know but it seems quite regrettable to me to
have to use this
argument because I don't know the truth what I would do
if what would have happened
to you happened to me because I'm not you and the truth
is that I'm not to blame for what
happened to you on this channel the
only thing we've done is talk about a
meme and what's more there are countless times
that we've made videos supporting Dallas
on multiple topics and on multiple
occasions or partly on top of that Dallas is the
first to cry not when they say
things to him on Twitter he's even capable of
making videos threatening people when
he's not even capable of putting up with
people criticizing him today for
years it's clear that he has this
serious problem and despite me apologizing you
end up calling me what is  immature that is
insensitive I even think he also
told me that I was a bad friend no because
the jabillo well estada assumed that well we
were friends no when really
the only thing we are is colleagues from youtube
and basically the hub and oliveira
dedicated himself to constantly throwing [ __ ] at me
no I mean that's the only thing he did when I did
n't say absolutely anything to him, he
poked me and it made me laugh
when dallas took it and entered the debate
said I think it's terrible that you tell your
friend I don't know what I don't know what I am a
friend I wouldn't tell that person
some friend but you have seen everything
that my supposed friend is telling me
not all the nonsense and all the
[ __ ] that he has thrown at me I mean he threw
[ __ ] at me he poked me and then if I
answered him he started to object to them and said that I
was a very bad friend what the hell was
I throwing at him of course the gesture that he answered me
a year later well I have no [ __ ] idea what he
is referring to if he had
answered me at the time then I could
answer him more finely but I mean
surely I would
probably be reacting and
commenting
on  what I was saying not at the
moment or rather that I threw [ __ ] at him
that I had thrown a lot of [ __ ] at him I ca
n't respond because if I don't
remember a year ago I can say it clearly
in fact in his face that you brought up the
town thing and I think that's what he has
with me
I think that's what he has
with me that I brought up the town thing let's see
I believed that I could put that on him we
could someone xxxi wants I sent him
the audio the message that he sent to Dallas
it's like okay yeah incredible you know what the
funny thing is about all this is that then
really Dallas behind my back not in
private was a good person I mean in
private he spoke well to you and all that but
then in public it's like he
had to bring out he has to bring out his ego
no and be like superior as
absolutely
he is asking permission in this message
to release a video Elsa I
ask permission to release a video or
less appearing
is here
[Music]
submissive
the tachy tachy submissive the turbo lake like
or like the vault
but in private it's what he wanted to
achieve and what he asked me is to
delete  the videos that I inhabit I
asked the people of the doctor mission to
the list of videos that there was a list
of videos for turbo plan to delete
and dallas to delete his stuff too
but if the video we just saw
that is still public, he
hasn't uploaded today talking about him or
rather his objective the objective he
had with all this was to
scare me in the end so that I would
delete the videos which is what
really pisses him off and this could be
clearly seen when in the debate he said something
like well look I'll take you I'll make
four videos and [ __ ] you and
eat me you know something like that he said he wants to
bother them spend a million complainant so you
're nobody
videos are already
there it was clearly seen that the only reason he
made the videos was not to tell
the truth like he says he always tells
the truth to his followers or for anything
else it was just out of anger and revenge
not for anything else because in the end
all he wanted was for me to delete the
videos and for a moment I had
the feeling that things were going to be resolved
but suddenly as
time went by he ghosted me and
literally stopped responding I
send him messages and  nothing, he doesn't answer me it's that
sad life is and if in the end I
realized that to Dallas I
'm going to tell the truth or the lie in his
videos and the only thing he wanted was to make
those videos to screw around and in the end
use them as an exchange to
scare maybe that I would delete my
videos in which I talked about him what
I understand that the criticism might piss you off
but they are totally
legal no I didn't say anything bad in my
videos I simply comment on things on
YouTube giving my opinion on the subject and
sometimes I may agree with
Dallas other times I don't and that
may bother you but you can't do anything you
can't download my video
simply for giving my opinion and that it is
different from yours so you can
see what people are like
and how real people are on the internet
when they are there in today's videos
turbo plan showing that the debate
still burned him a year later turbo
won
230 face to face just look at the debate it's that
I would like to have a very fresh debate
I would like to have a fresh debate and
everything in all the context the weeks
waiting for the debate because what I did
notice was the dates that
we do the debate like at the
beginning of the year in March not
February okay and the videos that are crossed
they are like the previous summer
while in
August we are talking about six months
late there is a point of debate so
in the end that you are more or less right
in the nuances in the details in the
end you lose it in the
end you lose it when you are
scared and a debate
has me I mean if you yes you are
right or not from your point of
view
if you are clear that he is
right the debate of the shot
but more the debate of the pull aso of the
low shot
but then if you do not want and the debate
and making excuses you have to go to the
people
I think that what happens to turbo
planning and the reason for this video is
that he has a thorn and he is
burned because it did not turn out as he would have
liked
and he wants to take advantage of this moment to
talk to him the blow you
can take it whatever you want
sincerely I am not criticizing that
but of course we do not understand a [ __ ] [ __ ]
surely if we knew the context
then we would not be agreeing on the
details that  are missing now you
understand
in the debates they are going to act like a brag but
then behind their backs like gates why don't you
delete my videos delete my videos
please that's where they bother me if you
delete the videos that you have made me it is to
stir up yours that I have made
because of course Dallas has
made me I don't know how many thousand videos not
even putting my name Jesus Gallego
that nobody knows me by my name or I mean he
does it simply to screw around so
that my name is stained I mean that is
a dirty tactic by YouTube even I don't
know how many videos when I didn't do the
debate because he himself literally
behaved like a stalker with me
even talking to me at five in the
morning know how he got my number
and what's wrong with
avoiding
Dallas insulting you live
because he never wins he is very
rude manipulative in the moment with the
person he insults you in a debate and loses his
manners in a debate for me the one who
loses
normally there would be a government
normally you would have to see it okay
but but the moment someone
loses their manners and in the debate it
begins to look like  like a lowlife you
know you already
know
then his time and if the guy starts
editing he starts enjoying himself then he loses it does
n't
depend on the case I also tell you or rather it
depends on the entire debate I
also tell you I do
n't know I've done many debates and
some are going to be the best European but
more or less a little already some of
other
things that you have to avoid
rich the critic of hundreds these lost
all the debates
not all no but what I've done with you
has remained completely unity and ximo
sã literal literal angel but if the
hair or literally has made the total pitiful
every time he has called man
in my opinion turbo would have been
better if he hadn't been there if he had been
better and better and at the moment he had
accepted the debate first he would have
done the debate calmly without altering or
this is when it occurs to you in the
good answers after an
argument but then when you're
thinking alone you remember what you
could have said clear clear clear clear yes it
may be very good
but it's no good it's
no good
this video is not going to get eight hundred thousand
views like the debate has
eight hundred thousand four hundred thousand that
have their channel well they already have more than a
million  the debate of more than a million
views is
no longer useful
also in this video of turbo plan for
not having copied it that was mind-blowing I think
if its trend on twitter
even galas that day because of that [ __ ] that is that it
was mind-blowing I mean I was
hallucinating at 5 to put in doubt
seems very mean spirited to me on the part of
turbo plan but also no I have never said it
but now I am going to say it okay well I do
n't know if I have never said it but I
think why to not throw [ __ ] I think I have
never said it but it
seems very mean spirited to me and to have very
bad ideas to put in doubt and in itself to
continue dropping that he doesn't know how
dallas got the phone number he knows it
seems to have
very mean spirit
very mean spirit because turbo plan knows about
[ __ ] works who has his number and
who could have given him the phone number at that time
when giving it
if you said it was you go they are lies you are
completely lying I would never give my
phone number to someone without
their permission
but you know what the worst thing is that turbo
plan knows who has his
phone number to whom they have  given his
phone number and who can answer
Dallas at 5 in the morning now she
is to give him the phone number and it seems to me
that he has very bad ideas turbo plan
knowing that it is that I have never done it
and that I would not do it no no
I am not going to say it
javi I am your fan but but you said it
you are an idiot I am an
idiot directly I tell you
whoever is saying those processes
completely lies I could not say
one thing that I have not done
I could not tell you that ever again
because I have not done it
no do not put a name I am not going to say
anything do not put names it was this one it was the
other one he knows about [ __ ] works and he at the
time asked me side the
number said forgive me the
question offends in plans with those of and you end up
with Ross Campero do not say stupid
because they are typical lies and typical
hoaxes that in the end I repeated them so many
times that because of you [ __ ] fault saying
things that I have not said become the
truth do you
understand me
once you said it in a video I am really
going to handle you
no  I know if you're joking or being a pain in the
ass but I'm going to handle you because
I directly know who gave him the
phone number and I know that I didn't do it I haven't been
able to tell him he can never say
ever here in a video that I have given the
phone number
because I haven't done it 20 all know the
translation where you're getting that
would be khatibi pis that he will stop saying
nonsense turbo plan you know works that on
the simple phone side but you
know about sima and I know that he knows it I
remember that if he said it come look for me the
video look for me the video
where I said where I say that I said it you will see
the clip you will
see the click if it's true that I
said that you will see the translation that you are
doing sometimes let's see that not for
nothing because I haven't been able to say one thing
but I say it he sows this
video again I don't know how my boys' number was
the yellow pages your number is not
so your number has been launched he had
three people
in the morning and talking about the guy to do
the debate at 5 in the morning and watch out
because the next day I
got up and answered him that I  well he already
wanted me in the ass at that time of the cibao I'm
going to put there to argue with Dallas
that he said to me did you think you could escape
from mine something like that and the next day
when I answered him I woke up the
next day and he had already made a video at
7 in the morning I swear to god I
mean something is mind-blowing that you see
his level the level you know of intensity
of Dallas and then I continue talking on
whatsapp time and the guy who could only
upload the debate to his channel and it's like yes of
course so you can do like everyone else
with whom you do debates no that
you come across as the one who humiliates
everyone and you know if he uploads it alone to his
channel and a support us I
also wanted to upload it to my channel and without editing
and without cuts or anything and the guy said no that I don't
know that I don't know which one in the end he
sent me a bunch of messages
insulting me calling me a lot of
things come to send me messages that he is
like me that he was even driving and he
sent me messages at full speed like
capital letters and 80 messages  and in the
end I had to block him and in the end I
didn't do the debate with him because I
had the feeling that he was staying and
nothing good was going to come out of it, that he was a guy
like super
super crazy, even though I knew that I had
n't done anything wrong but that's how I just didn't
do it until finally
this happened, not that he joined the
debate by chance, not because
I was with him, Javier and Beira and you saw what
happened at no point during the debate did he
show me the clips because he was interested in
showing the manipulated ones, he doesn't always do it
like you're seeing what he's done now and
that he hasn't even been able to
apologize to the blond guy if they don't
apologize and to the blond guy or like he's
going to apologize to me, not for having
manipulated that, no, the one who believes it,
people and [ __ ] off no, no
friends, that wig, welcome, thank you very much
for what you're giving today, everything you've
said is there and it's that I
even remember that he said that I
had videos in which I had
slandered him but that I had deleted them, he
rectified that but how can he
have such a thick skin, like, he has a video
but but  he has deleted them that's why it's not
that expensive because then I can also
say that everyone has slandered me
because of course like in deleted the
videos and there are no tests no I don't know I I I
can say that everyone
has I don't remember that you plague it already
slandered it or anything like that what I
said from the beginning I said
[Music]
but you can't say it about anyone you
can't say any other world not
the moves that there are videos of turbo plan
where he says that he has made videos
criticizing Dallas or messing with Dallas
and that the comments will be filled with
people replying to him and that he has had to
delete videos or I mean it's not that I say it to
Dallas it's that he says it
Javi did not ambush him I did not do
any and we made it clear within the
debate
and he has deleted them look that as much as
all of this has hurt me
in the end ko because it has hurt me I see
I notice that Dallas really is a
person who has suffered a lot because of what
has happened to him and that clearly as
simple to  beginning of the video he
wasn't a person if he reached a point
where he snapped and all the hate consumed him and
in the end it turned into pure
hate it's like Jimb herself one who has
a part of pure goodness and another of pure
evil well it's like Dallas is only
his evil part right now
the whole good part is not there it's like he has
disappeared or disintegrated and this
really surely has its
deep explanation and its
psychological explanation of why Dallas acts like this it
is very likely that Dallas is not
really aware of what he does and
even investigating his old videos
I have realized that he himself admitted
that he is not the same and that he is obviously
traumatized and it's sad to have today
that every time I have to talk about
something personal
the trauma of knowing that there are people who
dedicated themselves to telling those same
deformed [ __ ] or to screw me over you
pick and of course it's not that it's hard for me
now to trust people that I think I do
n't trust people but
who could not after all the
[ __ ] that has been done to me after all
the [ __ ] that  he dedicates himself to saying about my
people that I became my friend how
can you trust people again and
him saying that he doesn't trust anyone anymore
is like the most obvious proof that
this person is not well and that he has a
trauma as he says himself and maybe all
this in the end is what has
affected him 9 maybe he said that I had
slandered him because he doesn't even
trust me anymore when it's a total
lie or extra work everyone and they
throw the same sack at him I didn't run maybe all
this is a very psychological move that
Dallas has inside his
head that he really needs help not to be
able to get out a little and put that
hatred aside and look at the world from another
perspective but not only because of that no but
because it is clear that his criticisms
before were the best or if they were good
videos man I was a [ __ ] fan of
Jordi Wild well and I still am a fan of
Jordi White and the criticism that Dallas made
of Jordi Wild was super harsh I even called him
in ETA and I liked that
criticism because he was completely right
and it was not made from hatred and  it
was done in a respectful way hey
guys let me know what you think this is
my opinion whatever it is I wasn't going to
directly destroy like he does now
to these people like a turbo author there
is this kind of cowardly garbage
just don't give even the slightest
attention and if a video comes out it continued to be
recommended simply give the three
points don't recommend me anymore I hope with
this video it has become clear who he
really is and vice no longer yes because he is a
dirty and creepy who does not deserve your
subscription does not deserve your game
really I think that all this
destruction is based on all the hate he
has inside not based on the fact that he wants to
give all that hate back and before he made
good videos because he was
happier he was not happier and he did not have
all those problems that I did fear
that if wish kicked me out and all that that
in the end has affected him so much and that I
think it's also his fault for having given it so
much importance because
go on
[Music] it
's his fault
and this last one was looking half
good I mean this last one was looking
half good to me this last one
was looking half good
with jewels and not really the tala  he's
accepting that he has a little
trauma from everything that's happened and it's
logical that he has it, it's not for less
no but the fault how can it be his,
his fault,
his fault for giving it importance
because he has always made a lot of
entertainment videos and he hasn't
necessarily had to get into
controversies if he got into controversies it
was partly because it was partly because yes
because they stung him a lot but he gave it
more importance than he should have anyway I'm
leaving because on top of that I have a really bad
throat let's see if I can heal myself I don't know if I have
flakes 84 if you liked the video
give me a good like let's see if we can
get to about 20,000
if he hadn't thrown [ __ ] at me
for free in the video it
's also that I put [ __ ] at me
in fact he has sent me
a few messages and I have answered him so
normally and also you know I
have no idea why the hell he
has to throw [ __ ] at me for free
when I don't get involved with this guy you
know what I'm telling you in fact I have
seen his videos I said
but well this one is not the problem
for me the level
and apart from what I tell you is this already
after an
extra year after a year such
is not the true turbo plan the one that
enters the chat
sorry notice I know that sometimes we fight
but how nice when we have
[Music]
i